hello to all today I practiced
fishing for carp by being with
light material for this fishing
I use a number 8 hook up
directly on the line body and a
buckshot lead of 2 g pinch about
10 centimes 10 15 cm from the hook
then you put a grain of corn
you let the edge of
the grain hook a little priming
can be done using a few
handfuls of corn to bring the
fish on the spot it is however
not necessary to initiate too much or to
in advance as this may attract
other unwanted fish on the
shot like catfish
always keep the maximum of tension
so that the fish does not get stuck
always kept in touch really with
fish like that fish at once
gets tired faster and it avoids
pick up like here as fish wants
to go to an obstacle
you put the can in the down position
faster water and you shoot in
the other way to get him out of
the danger zone
mirror card that about 2 kg
often
here is the fish a map of about 3
kg a beautiful fish
it's a fishing that I really love
practice because as you see it allows
tired and very beautiful fish
with light equipment
here is another very beautiful fish around
4 kg can be five kilos a very beautiful
mirror map as you can the
note these fish are size
quite modest for those who
practice carp fishing
but on a cane lights and fish
become immediately a lot more
fun prevent
how
here is another fish of about two
half pounds
still a beautiful mirror map